So, welcome everyone to 2026. Now, I just recently did a video recapping how I did on my credit card strategy in 2025 and how many points I earned in total last year. So, definitely check out that video if you haven't. But in this video, I wanted to outline my strategy for this year as there will be a few changes, especially with the upcoming changes to credit card search charges this year. And my strategy for this year can be broken down into four key parts. The first part of my 2026 strategy is pretty simple. Taking advantage of signup bonuses whilst we still can. Because let's be honest, DDay is coming. The RBA is planning to eliminate most credit card search charges with changes expected to take effect from the 1st of July 2026. And once that happens, I think we're going to see another major shakeup in the credit card space. My prediction is that after this is implemented, banks will either further reduce signup bonuses, further strip back benefits, or just flat out remove offers altogether. And we're already starting to see signs of this. Virgin Money has temporarily stopped accepting new credit card applications since October of last year, and City Bank credit cards have now been rebranded to My Card, which side note, I think is a terrible name. And none of these cards offer any signup bonuses anymore. Honestly, once these changes fully roll out, I'm not even sure how much new credit card content there'll be left to make. There may genuinely be nothing left to talk about. So before that happens, the goal is to squeeze whatever value is still left out of the system. In our case, my wife and I are both still eligible for a few solid offers. We've never opened NAB credit cards before, so both of us are eligible there. And my wife has also never opened an A&Z credit card, and it's been more than 24 months since I last had one, which means I'll also be eligible again. So, between the two of us, there are still a few options that we could look to opening this year. Now, whether we actually open up all the cards available to us is still up in the air, we don't really urgently need the points right now, as we're still sitting on a decent balance from last year. But given that this is the last real opportunity to take advantage of meaningful signup bonuses, it probably makes sense to make the most of it whilst we still can. Now, one thing that I hope the RBA changes won't impact is regards to business credit cards because that is the next part of my strategy, which is to open a business credit card. I've been running my YouTube business for several years now and have never actually considered opening a business credit card before. All of my expenses for equipment, software, subscriptions, I had just been putting everything through either my own personal credit card or my business debit card. And to be fair, that worked. It did make tracking expenses a little bit more difficult, but I managed. But looking back, I realized I was potentially leaving a lot on the table. Now, we all know that the personal credit card space has really tightened up over the past year or so. We have smaller signup bonuses, longer exclusion periods, and fewer perks than ever. But from what I've seen, business cards have quietly stayed relatively untouched. If anything, the signup bonuses with business credit cards are oftentimes much larger than the personal equivalent. For example, the American Express Business Platinum card has a signup bonus currently of 300,000 MX reward points versus the personal card with only 200,000 points. Now, one of the great things about a business credit card is that even though it will be issued to me personally, the credit facility, responsibility, and liability will sit with the business and not me personally. In practice, it's very similar to being an additional card holder on someone else's account. So, it won't actually affect my own personal credit score or borrowing capacity. Now, I haven't decided just yet on which business credit card to open. But it's not like I'm running a business with tens of thousand dollars of expenses each month, so I'm not going to get like the Amex business platinum card. But if any of you guys are running a business and have a business credit card that you personally use that you would recommend, let me know down in the comments below. Otherwise, I'll be looking for a card that has a decent signup bonus, low spend criteria, and also a relatively low annual fee as well. Now before we move on to the next part of our strategy, if you are interested in staying upto date with the latest credit card updates from myself, then make sure that you subscribe to my free weekly newsletter where I also share one credit card deal of the week each week. Links will be down below. Now, with credit card churning potentially ending soon this year, we need to find something else to churn. So, the third part of my strategy is to start churning private health insurance. I've personally had private health insurance for a number of years now. And believe it or not, but you can actually turn through health insurance covers once every 12 to 18 months. If you didn't know, there are quite a few private health insurance plans that also come with signup bonuses for Quantis and Velocity frequent flyer points. Now, some of the bonus points offers for health insurance signups are pretty decent. With Quantis Health, you can earn up to 120,000 Quantis points. However, do be careful though that you'll only typically get the headline points figure if you have a higher monthly premium. If you're someone who just has the basic cover to ensure you meet the Medicare levy searchcharge requirements and have like bronze hospital cover with basic extras, then the amount that you'll typically earn will be less. Medy Bank does disclose this on their website with how many points you'll earn based on the premiums that you pay each month. So, if you're paying weekly premium of $50, meaning each month you pay like $200, then you'll only earn 20,000 velocity points. However, it's still something and it's not like you're having to pay more, hopefully, and all you're doing is pretty much transferring your policy around to another provider. I've found that generally what's included in the cover from one provider to the next are going to be relatively the same. So, you might as well earn some bonus frequent fire points whilst you're at it. If you're looking to earn velocity points, then Medybank is the best option there. And if you want Quantis points, then you can choose between Quantis Health or Ber. The fourth part of our strategy is to update our core setup. My wife and I have essentially been running this same four card setup throughout the last year. At the center of that setup was the AX Platinum Edge and the Amex Explorer where we use the Platinum Edge for all of our groceries and fuel to earn 3x MX membership points and the AMX Explorer for all other everyday spend where Amex was accepted to earn two reward points per dollar spent. We also had the HSBC Star Alliance card which I just cancelled a week ago. Whilst we did manage to qualify and retain gold status with Fris Flyer, I couldn't really justify paying the $499 annual fee going forward because we don't have a huge amount of travel planned this year. And although we do have a trip to China booked in March, we're flying with Cath Pacific, which is a part of the One World Alliance rather than the Star Alliance. So for our situation, the card just wasn't pulling its weight anymore. My mother-in-law was also using the HSBC card as an additional card holder for her everyday spending. For now, we'll be switching that spend over to the Westpak Velocity Altitude Platinum card. This was a card that we were in the process of churning, but hadn't just cancelled just yet. It earns us 0.5 velocity points per dollar, which admittedly isn't great, especially compared to some of the other cards in the market, but it's better than nothing. We also had the A&Z rewards travel adventure card which was our go-to card whenever we traveled overseas. It earned points and had no international transaction fees which made it a really solid travel card. However, it does come with an annual fee and given how little international travel we plan on doing this year, we'll be canceling that card as well. In its place, I'm most likely going to open the Com Ultimate Awards card. The main appeal here is that it lets you earn combat award points whilst also avoiding foreign transaction fees, which makes it a good replacement for our travel card. This card is a little bit different in how the fees work. So, instead of an annual fee, it actually charges you a $35 per month, but that fee is waved if you spend at least $4,000 in each statement period. The plan will be to have my mother-in-law be an additional card holder and use it for everyday spending alongside our own spending. So, between the two of us, we should comfortably hit the minimum requirement each month to avoid the monthly fee. Now, it's worth calling out that the Combine card did go through a fairly significant devaluation last year. You used to be able to transfer your points to more than a dozen airline partners, including some unique ones like Air France, KLM Flying Blue, and Air Canada. That flexibility is now essentially gone. These days, your options are basically to transfer to Velocity or opt into earning Quantis points instead. Whilst that's definitely a step backward, it still works for us as we actively earn and use Velocity points. So, those are the key changes that we'll be making to our core setup. And that's essentially my credit card strategy for this year. So, if you enjoyed the video, then make sure to hit that like button down below. Subscribe for more credit card content this year. And if you want to see how many frequent fly points I earned last year, then check out this video on my credit card strategy recap last year.